
Long long ago, there lives two brothers inside the forest. 
The younger brother is called Peter, and the older one is called Andrews. 
Jack is not very tall comparing to his brother, but he is very smart. 
Whenever Jack's friend meet problems, Jack would always have all kinds of 
clever ideas to help them. On the other hand, Jack's brother Andrews is a
big guy who is very strong. He is so strong that even tigers meet him, they 
would be scared and run away.
One day, a beautiful princess came to the forest to play. While accidentally,
the princess was tripped by a stick. All of a sudden, she felled over and her
knees knocked onto a stone. The stone pierced through her dress and skin. 
Though there was not much blood, the sharp pain through her knees made it hard
for her to stand straight and walk again. Looking around herself, the princess
found nothing but the stick which just stumbled her. She picked it up as a
supporter to stand, but she soon realized she has forgot her way back. With
no other choice, she could only randomly choose a side to go and began to call
for help. Jack fishing besides the lake heard the princess's voice, but so do
another person under a strange mask...

Jack summons his brother to go investigate the sound.
When they find the princess, they are greeted by the man in the mask.
Jack draws a sword and Andrews just raises his fists to defend the princess from the masked man.
He removes his mask and explains that he is just trying to help. 
The reason he was wearning the mask is that it was actually Halloween.
The three men assist the princess back to the castle where she thanks them for their help and invites them to the royal Halloween ball.

During the royal Hallowe, the princess falls in love with Peter. She wants Peter as her prince. However, Andrews likes the princess. Then he expresses his love for Princess. The Princess knew Andrews’ thought. She feels really in a pickle, but she rejects outright. 

However, three of them have no idea that the man who wore the mask named Alan earlier,
has fell in love with Peter, too. At the first time they meet at the lake 
rescuing the princess, he found out how charming Peter is. At the same time, 
he also knows that the princess love Peter, too. Therefore, he has come out with several plans to poison the princess with red oreo and made her fall asleep forever. Only the person who feed him Hershey's can wake the 
princess up. When the day has come, Alsn suddendly found out he buy the wrong oreo. Instead, what he bought was another brand of sandwich cookie......

The cookie has no poison at all. However, it could bring nightmare to people's dreams during the full-moon night. When Alan brought the cookies to the front of princess, Peter figured something wrong, for Alan to send just cookies for no reason. When Alan went back, Peter took all the cookies away and ate them all before the princess. After half a month, Peter and the princess got married without anything special happening, but the full-moon night still came as promised. At midnight, Peter's breath suddenly became harsh and his heart seemed rather painful. Since then, every night with a full moon, Peter's situation became worse. The princess got rather anxious with this situation and went all around for
doctors and witches to help Peter. Finally, she found the oldest witch with most wisdom in the kingdom and asked her for a cure. Then the princess is told, to get rid of the nightmare, the source of the hatred must be found. While the 
princess had no idea what that means. Day by day wathcing Peter living in pain, the princess only got more sad and became ill also. Hearing this news, Alan finally came to the princess and offered her an option:" if you marry me, then I 
will save Peter." However, the princess simply turned around and understood everything---Alan was the source of hatred in the witch's words:"I would never betray Peter, no matter how long ot would take to save Peter, I will stay by his side always." Alan finally realized that the princess's love for Peter was non-replacable, and he could never get the princess. At that moment, he laughed at himself, for his dumbness and his one-way love to the princess. He drew out his dagger and stabbed right into his own heart:" My princess, my love, please live happily without me." Then he swallowed his last breath and died with a smile. AFter that day, Peter didn't have any nightmares anymore, and had a happy life with the princess since then. It's just from time to time, one dumb man would still show up in their memories, without saying a word, but just smiling at them.
